it off as military training decades ago
has become a non-competitive sport
growing in popularity we're talking
about parkour which involves overcoming
obstacles by jumping flipping climbing
doing whatever it takes to get from
point A to point B using your agility
and although parkour is well-known in
other parts of the country here in El
Paso a small group makes up this
close-knit community
whether inside or outside these guys can
turn any place into a park or practice
Playland
you dream it you can do it
these past years as parkour
practitioners are called to
gravity-defying flips jumps and tam
stands as part of them
that's yours use speed and agility to
get what they want obstacles benches
walls rails and lends it to name a few
man-made ones they also use natural
surroundings to sharpen their skills
modern edgy kundo is what I would
consider parkour as far as using your
environment so it's a train versus
paying a membership at a gym
Christian Fernandes a certified parkour
trainer took up the sport ten years ago
he says parkour which involves
discipline and hard work was created
when the French were in the Vietnamese
war
that's what parkour actually means a new
obstacle in the sense that it was meant
for military training for guerrilla war
tactics in Vietnam
angel Flores who's also a certified
parkour instructor says parkour is not
only a form of art but it's a lifestyle
we only live once and we do get old and
we're not able to do all the things that
we want to do as we're getting there and
we look back in the past and to say oh
man I wish I could have done this
although parkour is not a competitive
sport they are a tight community these
guys are on their way to old death up to
take part in a jam which will bring
racers from all over the region parkour
is a sport that constantly evolves
because of the unlimited number of
locations and moves I can see my shoes
there's a lot of basic sets that are
very helpful to anybody but a lot of
people like to pass that and continue
doing and that's but that's how you get
injured and although these guys have
their scrapes bruises and scars as marks
of their moves
they stated what they get out of
practice a parkour
I don't know just helping people reach
their creative side and of course do not
try this yourself these guys are trained
experts if you'd like more information
about parkour order our website kts
m.com